Publicize search by PackageType (#2076)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/api/search-autocomplete-service-resource.md

take        | URL    | integer | no       | The number of results to return, for pagination
prerelease  | URL    | boolean | no       | `true` or `false` determining whether to include [pre-release packages](../create-packages/prerelease-packages.md)
semVerLevel | URL    | string  | no       | A SemVer 1.0.0 version string 

> packageType | URL    | string  | no       | The package type to use to filter packages

Reviewer: Could you mention `SearchAutocompleteService/3.5.0` and `SearchQueryService/3.5.0` similar to how we mentioned 3.6.0 for for registration?
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/api/registration-base-url-resource#versioning

Basically we add a row to the table and have a dedicated section about new version. We should emphasize that it's a) backwards compatible for `SearchAutocompleteService` and introduces the `packageType` parameter and `packageTypes` response property (just for search, not autocomplete of course)

> packageType | URL    | string  | no       | The package type to use to filter packages

Reviewer 2: We should mention this was added in autocomplete version 3.5.0. Also, the Versioning section should mention that autocomplete version 3.5.0 exists

[SemVer 2.0.0 support for nuget.org](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/wiki/SemVer2-support-for-nuget.org-%28server-side%29)
for more information.

> The `packageType` parameter is used to futher filter the search results to only results that are of the provided type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `packageType` parameter is used to futher filter the search results to only packages that have at least one package type matching the package type name.
```

To emphasize that _at least one_ must match

> The `packageType` parameter is used to futher filter the search results to only results that are of the provided type.

Reviewer 2: `futher` -> `further`

If the provided package type is not a valid package type as defined by the [Package Type document](https://github.com/NuGet/Home/wiki/Package-Type-%5BPacking%5D), an empty result will returned.

> If the provided package type is empty, no filter will be applied. In other words, passing no value to the packageType parameter will behave as if the parameter was not passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the provided package type is empty, no filter will be applied. In other words, passing no value to the `packageType` parameter will behave as if the parameter was not passed.
```
